Okay so move north from the blog page that we finished in the last video in this video go to be queen
the About Us page which is going to be pretty simple.
It's going to reuse the head and the foot section.
From previous videos.
We won't have a pretty consistent level to head in our divine image.
We were placed in some Lorem it's some text which you can change to whatever text you want.
And there will also of the links which we used on the home page to various parts of the website.
And then the footer section at the very bottom.
So let's go over to our text editor and will copy the index page or select all and copy and then command
and in control and to make a new page paste it in and save this as a bolt.
Don't hate jamo again at the same level as the index page and say look.
So from the bottom of the page we can keep the footer section.
This is gonna be the same as the index page.
You can remove the shop online section we don't need that.
We can also remove the latest Office section.
Keep these silly section.
This is going to be our For image links.
If I can keep all of the welcome section we can just reuse the will to head in the image.
So let's start by renaming the welcome section.
The above was section.
Well make sure we change the idae of the section to about so and keep the same container row and the
same number of columns and change the.
Level 2 heading to about us.
I'll keep the purple image.
So let's see how this look.
That's okay for an hour.
We can solve the alignment issues in CSA soon.
So next one of add a few paragraphs of text.
So we go over to Google.
And do a search for Lauren ipsum.
Click on the first link.
I can use this page to get some sample text so I'm going to generate two paragraphs.
And select the first paragraph and oh and copy it up.
And then after the clauson raw tigg for the level to head in there to create one more row so the div
would a class of row.
Then the first paragraph are create some Pete Ikes.
And then paste in the paragraph.
And then just below this will create in a paragraph.
Head back over to the sample text.
And copy the second paragraph.
And paste this in.
And I say check it out on the browser.
Go.
So next we'll head over to our custom success so to style we want to add some pun in on the very bottom
of the page just to separate this section from the filter the link text is all out of place or will
set the text line to be Centre and then also create a little bit margin on the top and bottom of the
paragraphs.
So it would head back over to our customer success.
Then create a blue section.
So we give this section a I.D. of about.
So let's start by adding the putting on the bomb the diff.
Of Fert pixels and then text the line to be Centre.
Let's take a look.
Okay so the text the line harz line the text into the centre of the page.
It's also made chewed up.
I would divide image is in the middle.
Also the link text below.
And is now 30 pixels of margin on the bottom of the diff.
So the last thing I want to do is add some margin to the top and bottom of the text.
So let's look at the.
About idae.
And then the petersburg's and only thing I want to do in this bit is add some margin of 30 pixels on
the top and bottom and zero on the left and right.
And then refresh.
So that's the text separated out and the About Us page finished.
So funk's a watchin.
And in the next video we'll create the final page for our bootstrap template which is going to be the
contact page.